of all subjects ever filmed by spiked
hands the polar bear has shown the
greatest curiosity in intelligence and
none more so than this mother against
the odds
she brought her cub up in one of the
longest periods without a since far
Barb's history the cub faced many
challenges over the summer but to reveal
his story the spy camera has faced
challenges of their own
snowmeow made its demise under the terms
of a Boer young male blizzardcam nearly
met its match with the most playful bear
a terror encounter
to know how it work
blizzardcam deployed snowball after
Detroit
this was the polar bears favorite spy
camera and this young meal was no
exception
never before had it come under so much
pressure
valiantly snowboarding arm kept filming
until the video fortunately for most of
the time the spy cams were ignored
capturing intimate moments like this but
iceberg can finally found itself trapped
between ice floes as ever the mother's
curiosity is piqued the curiosity that
helped the mother and cub survive is no
tasting iceberg cam to destruction they
seem curiosity is this Cubs and all
polar bears best hope for the future
you